Docs: Add CLI Command for Configuring statement_timeout in Postgres (#27778)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/platform/custom-postgres-config.mdx

- End of Custom Postgres Config -
```

> When configuring parameters that require time units, the CLI expects a string value with a time unit for parameters such as statement_timeout. Supported units include 'ms', 's', and 'min'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring parameters that require time units, such as `statement_timeout`, the CLI expects a string value with a time unit. Supported units include `ms`, `s`, and `min`.
```
